so the priorities that I'd recommend for you if you're entering into a
leadership position is is read you have to read a lot of things you
need to read you know what your commander's guidance mission vision
and intent is and I understand what his bosses intent is you know so
that you're is six has it has their own you know guidance in mission
and vision statement and then continue to just turn a trickle up
the line from his to your tight calms today and how that fits into this
you know is objective to the secretary of defense's objective to
than the president's objective if you can understand from that latter
well you know that that there was a ladder rungs from you know your
boss all the way up to the president and understand how you fit into
that as a leader then not only is gonna make you more effective
in your own dated a job but then you'll be able to effectively lead
your people to accomplish those objectives that you from the top all
the way down have in so you'll always be moving in the right direction
in getting those those bigger objectives accomplished because you
know how you fit into the over arching scheme of things that is probably
my number one recommendation for a priority is just get in there
and read your commander's intent and guidance all the way up